okay this is Joe I'm video taping the
possible sighting of a UFO unidentified
object and here at downtown LA I just
want to see you this is true so soon
we'll find out if it's Jonah
okay this is joe from envisioned magic
i'm in downtown LA discreet here is
experienced it it's part view and
wilshire boulevard try to see what if
this is all true or not regarding
possible UFO sighting to be seeing today
today is may make that April April 29
Sunday morning it's about 920 a.m. and
try to see if this is legit or not so
hopefully it'll it will see so see what
happens just just a handful of us right
now but for people this is guy named
Robert supposedly he summons UFOs I
don't know if it's true it seems like it
is but I don't know
practicing
that's something that I see up there
it's not a UFO
oh this camera is not going to make it
ok they get over here d
you're not going to be done with sees it
you see no I don't see it yet cuz I'm
black of course I'm blind us up back
where you see where that oh I see it I
see it I see it I see it's coming
towards illegal
no it's going this way yeah it's a
simple
right
at first I can't see people with a
camera super cool one in 11 yeah
promoting I was the one way over there
yeah one over here yeah livery not gonna
do it how could it flicker though that's
what it was it may create a metallic
believe you're not pleased yeah damn
brother that's crazy yeah I mean I don't
know what is directly or on this
building will see you right on
culpability yeah so who's that the zoom
where is it I got me this way stretchy
about that building hmm that could be an
error liz is coming like a steady place
like an airplane or and it looked like a
change direction and I was coming
directly this way right above the
building